[Music]
hi loves for this tutorial you will need
a goodie band and some whipped shea
butter just take a glob of that shea
butter and apply it all around the
perimeter of your hair you will also
need a soft bristled hair brush and some
type of edge control I would also
recommend using water just to kind of
slick down your hair
[Music]
after you apply the edge control brush
your hair until you look like you just
stuck your finger in a socket now for
the complicated part wrap the goody band
around your hair two times then gently
slide the goody band back about half way
pull the good eve and tighter and wrap
the goody band around you here a third
time now if your goodie band is not as
loose as mine only do it twice make sure
it's not too tight then once you're done
wrapping it slide it back until you get
it as far back as you desire
[Music]
just pull the hair through to actually
shake the pump
then you can grab an old toothbrush to
mow those baby hairs if I were you I
would set this style with a silk scarf
for at least 20 minutes so here are the
final results I will see you guys in my
next video adios amigas